To Do:

    NOW:

    SOON:

        GIT STUFF:
            master -> delete
                rename local devSweden to master
                    push local branch so master == head on origin
                make a new dev branch
                    delete old one
                        push to github

        REFACTOR:

            gui/container/inv deep refactor via 1.8

            Data storage in player pack?

        TESTING:


        BUGS:

            #36
            I'm using the latest version of the mod (updated it myself in the modpack I'm playing) and similar to the closed issue #10 I have problem that an backpack that I have equipped seems to delete items.

            I tried to reproduce it and it seems to "save" all items you put in before closing the game. (so the "quit" saves the items)
            Every items you put into the backpack after starting the game again are in danger to be deleted.

            I did quiet some testing about the "when" it disappears, since I first couldn't reproduce this "action" that needs to happen so all but the safe items disappear. What I found out:

            It happens when you "place" a chest.
            the items you put into the backpack once the chest is placed are safe for as long as you do not place another chest.
            as mentioned aboth: all items you carry in the backpack when logging out seems to be safe from this bug, but while playing any chest you place seems to delete any items you put in after logging back in.

            Similar to the issue #10 the bug is fixed by taking the backpack off, opening it from the hotbar and reequipping it. So opening it once from the hotbar seems to make it bug-proof at least until you close the game and start it again with it still equipped.

            #10
            If a backpack is equiped after creation, without first being opened atleast once from the hotbar, any items put into it will disappear when the GUI closes.

            If the backpack is opened atleast once from the hotbar before equiping it, it seems to function properly, or if the backpack is upgraded to the next tier it seems to function properly.

            Under normal circumstances, this would only affect the basic backpack, however, if an iron, gold, or diamond backpack is cheated in then it too will experience the bug and start destroying items until it is opened from the hotbar or upgraded if possible.


        ADDITIONS/TWEAKS:

            Check the sv + es translation files

            When I have time to play, tweaks for default config values

            Void filter

            Real API/Interfaces
                IUpgradeableBackpack
                IUpgrade, IAltGuiUpgrade, IConflictingUpgrade, (IEventUpgrade?)

            Tick Handler
                Restocking upgrade onItemPlaced - ask in IRC if the onBlockPlacedEvent exists
                Crafting upgrade onItemPutInBackpack (so for manually putting items in)

            Open right click direct from 'e' inventory?

            Have quick deposit upgrade work with equipped backpack
                use a keybinding?

            Have depth upgrade apply to the IBlockProvider --> wait for Vazkii API update

            Add ender upgrade?
                allows you to use the filter/restocking to go into an ender pouch in the inventory

            Allow shift right click equipped?

            Add in more inter-mod compatibility
                right click in my backpack to open TE satchels, golden bag of holding, etc.
                    look into if this is possible

            Make textures of upgrades more 3D looking

            Make it so you can't move the opened backpack with number key presses, as there might be some dupe bug using that that I missed

            Add documentation book - see TiCon books source
                * or add ExtraUtils style docs with "u" in NEI * <-- This one, check power converters Github for implementation
                Botania has this now?

            Add Baubles integration as belt slot to equip
                config option to toggle between?
                Traveler's gear compat too

            crafting upgrade check if backpack is full (#31)
                should do a different long-term solution because you can maybe make less slots even if the backpack is full with crafting
                so a simple check for 'do all the slots have items' isn't sufficient. I should check if it has anything but a tiny crafting
                upgrade since the other two can condense item slots (assuming there is space for them to put the new items).

        EXTRA:
            add -b to beta versions in build.gradle
            add api into versioning (https://mcforge.readthedocs.org/en/latest/conventions/versioning/)

            Fancier config updating/replacing values
                See botania, vazkii is going to implement something similar
                    check current version somehow and compare to origin/versions.txt, if less then do something

            fancy crafting upgrade - choose 1 or 2 or 3 diameter w/ button underneath (like adv. filter)

            mining filter - change so it picks up cobble and smooth stone too and remove from alt gui?

            change it so an entityItem looks to fill a stack in the player's inv before going in filter?

            quick deposit into AE terminals - have to check efficient of deposit code for that to work probably

            Shift right click to open nested guis too

            Change sorting to a configurable style (i.e. id, name, etc.) w/ right click sort button to change style in game

            add in config option (and subsequent functionality) where the itemBackpack can't be opened directly, it has to be equipped to be open (i.e. only one open at a time)
                hard mode: weight is a factor? Harder nesting recipe for limited space? Some other way to increase space/nesting via gameplay/in-game research/other?
                no shapeless crafting for removal of upgrades, have to use the crafted one specifically

            Add achievements

            Recipes via config - support meta/damage values


    LATER:

        //Craft any backpack surrounded by planks to turn it into a placeable custom chest/tileEntity and then shapeless craft the chest to get the backpack back (IChestable)
        Place down TileEntityBackpack directly - if the controls can work that way, if not do the chest method
            (IChestable)

        Power/Fluid/Gas Upgrades (dynamic sizing on left side)


    EVENTUAL FEATURES:
        Gui Config

        custom handling with other mods armors special rendering to render my pack in special spots?

        Barrel Backpacks (implement IChestable)
            4 tiers (or upgrade and drops excess items onto ground), or adds barrel slot like a DSU?

        Craft a diamond/barrel/ender (IDyeable) backpack with dyes to color it


MCF Posting:

    Add all information about the mod to a github wiki as it is a more reliable source

    More pictures


