To Do:

    NOW:

        Mess with basics first (storage, basic nesting, etc) <-- Seems okay!
            Then check equipping errors and nesting upgrade (opening guis, checking item persistence) <- opening equipped = errors
                Then check nested backpacks in equipped ones (possibly with opening alt. gui as well?[Not yet]) <-- Think it's fine
                Check depth upgrade


        --Try building and testing in DW20-- Not yet, redo proxies and crashes and whatnot


    SOON:

        LAPTOP LOGISTICS:
            VCS stuff for laptop - make devSweden irrelevant eventually
            Reformat file structure to a 'run' folder so IdeaProjects/IronBackpacks/src+other area isn't so messy

        REFACTOR:
            Data storage in player pack?

        TESTING:
            Check import Keyboard as cause of server crash
            Check out NEI not ordering items properly (i.e. upgrades mixed in in-between backpacks)
            Test open blocks compat only running on only client side as potential fix?
                If can't figure it out, just disable feature for next release.

        BUGS:

            Make sure you can't move the backpack, it allows for dupe glitches otherwise
                -should be okay? check in built version

            Opening gui via keybinding breaks if you don't have another backpack in your inv
                Seems to be okay with nested right clicks, it is just the keybinding/equipped one opening

            Shift click opening alt gui of equipped backpack opens wrong one and bad things happen
                remove ability to shift right click on non-item ones - done

            Equipped backpack gone on death (check with and without eternity upgrade)
                should be okay, check built version

            Fix buttons moving curr pack into itself - if needed; locked slot: https://github.com/Vazkii/Botania/commit/0ecc4872ffaa5e0ebd77ac5d94f873c97921a79a
                should be fixed

            Restocking not working with arrows?
                of course, not picking anything up - something should change?

        ADDITIONS/TWEAKS:
            config recipe for basic backpack
            make crafting upgrade work when manually putting items in
            Open right click direct from 'e' inventory?
            Check lag with crafting upgrade?
            Crafting upgrade in 2x2
            Have depth upgrade apply to quick deposit
            Add items "gem" and "dust" to miner filter -add to tooltip and changelog
                change so it picks up cobble and smooth stone too and remove from alt gui?
            Add ender upgrade?
                allows you to use the filter/restocking to go into an ender pouch in the inventory
            Change sorting to a configurable style (i.e. id, name, etc.) w/ right click sort button to change style in game
            Add in more inter-mod compatibility
                right click in my backpack to open TE satchels, golden bag of holding, etc.
                add IBlockProvider for use with botania's rods
            Make textures of upgrades more 3D looking
            Allow shift right click equipped?
                If can figure it out, can shift right click to open nested guis too
                If not, just make it right click only and save for next update
            Add shift clicking upgrade upgrade that only fills if the stack is present
                so you have an ores chest and you shift click to dump only the items in the backpack that are in the chest (ores)


        EXTRA:
            add in config option (and subsequent functionality) where the itemBackpack can't be opened directly, it has to be equipped to be open (i.e. only one open at a time)
                hard mode: weight is a factor? Harder nesting recipe for limited space? Some other way to increase space/nesting via gameplay/in-game research/other?
            New removal system of upgrades?
                Craft backpack with nothing else, slot if crafting grid determines which upgrade to remove
                    i.e. 1st slot means 1st upgrade removed, 2nd slot -> 2nd upgrade removed,..., 9th slot -> 9th upgrade removed
                        if more than 9 upgrades you have to keep on doing it, but that is an acceptable cost
                if can't do this, do eraser item
            Add documentation book - see TiCon books source
                * or add ExtraUtils style docs with "u" in NEI * <-- This one, check power converters Github for implementation
            Add achievements


        ADDED: Ability to shift right click nested backpacks to open their alternate gui


    LATER:

        //Craft any backpack surrounded by planks to turn it into a placeable custom chest/tileEntity and then shapeless craft the chest to get the backpack back (IChestable)
        Place down TileEntityBackpack directly - if the controls can work that way, if not do the chest method

        Power/Fluid/Gas Upgrades (dynamic sizing on left side)


    EVENTUAL FEATURES:
        Gui Config

        custom handling with other mods armors special rendering to render my pack in special spots?

        Barrel Backpacks (implement IChestable)

        Craft a diamond/barrel/ender (IDyeable) backpack with dyes to color it

Changelog:
ADDED: The ability to equip and open a backpack with keybindings.
ADDED: Equipped backpacks render on the player with a custom model. Won't render if the player has an Open Blocks' hang glider equipped.
ADDED: Depth Upgrade
ADDED: Mining Filter Upgrade
ADDED: Ability to right click ender storage backpacks inside iron backpacks to open them
FIXED: Mod Specific Filter actually works now.
FIXED: Restocking upgrade should now function properly.
FIXED: Corner case with not being able to move a different backpack in your hotbar while another is open.
FIXED: Equipped Backpacks should function properly on death now
FIXED: Button upgrade's button should no longer move the opened pack
CHANGED: The sorting button now sorts by ID, with iron backpacks always being in the front slots (i.e. top left slots)
CHANGED: All the textures (backpacks and items) to slightly improved versions.
CHANGED: Config option regarding the alternate backpack textures so it is clear the HD one is default.
CHANGED: Default gold and diamond backpack recipes are slightly cheaper.
CHANGED: Changed the Fuzzy filter's default recipe to something less confusing.
CHANGED: Altered the default upgrade points on the backpack tiers to be slightly higher.
CHANGED: Backpacks are no longer enchantable.

MCF Posting:
New pictures/graphics
Add that it has full Thaumcraft aspect support
Open blocks won't render backpack with glider on
Mod armors that have larger custom models might overlap with my backpack model, just visually annoying
Add in donation button


Balance/Play With:


Bugs:
    IMPORTANT:


    Less important:
        Scrolling too fast in the advanced filter dupes items (but they are ghost items so no big deal)
        Fix direct deposit into AE terminals

Figure out:


Tiers:
    Leather[DONE]
    Iron[DONE]
    Gold[DONE]
    Diamond[DONE]

    Barrel - 4 tiers (or upgrade and drops excess items onto ground), or adds barrel slot like a DSU?
    Ender

Upgrades:


Textures:

    Redo:


    Do:


Misc features:
    Recipes via config - support meta/damage values

Mod Support:
    NEI with recipes[DONE]
    Inventory Tweaks[DONE]
    Version Checker[Check if working okay once update]

Future Refactoring:

    Full localization
        Includes tooltips
        Buttons (if applicable)


